how to make a copy Maki roll kappa means
cucumber and Maki means roll so a Kappa
Maki is a relatively simple affair easy
to make and even easier to eat you will
need a cucumber a vegetable peeler a
sharp knife a cutting board two sheets
of toasted nori some prepared wasabi a
bamboo mat for rolling sushi some water
2 cups of prepared sushi rice Japanese
pickled ginger a small spoon and a
serving platter step 1 peel the cucumber
cut off the ends and cut it in half
lengthwise use a small spoon to scoop
out the seeds cut the halves into thin
strips about an eighth of an inch wide
and set them aside step 2 lightly
moisten your hands with water grab a
handful or about a half a cup of
prepared sushi rice and spread it across
the nori leaving an even border of
uncovered nori along the top edge don't
use too much rice or pack it too tightly
it should be no more than a quarter inch
thick and you should be able to see the
nori through it step 3
dip your finger into the prepared wasabi
and dab it over the rice step 4 place
the bamboo mat in front of you and
position the rice covered nori on top of
it about an inch from the bottom step 5
place several cucumber slices
horizontally across the middle of the
rice make an even row about an inch wide
and let the cucumber's stick out an inch
or so on either side step 6 roll the
bottom edge of the bamboo mat over the
rice nori and filling shaping it into a
rectangular Mound be sure all the
filling is enclosed
step 7 pull the mat back and lay it over
the roll again roll again more tightly
this time applying even pressure and
shaping the roll more firmly as you go
step 8
remove the roll from the mat place the
mat over it and give the roll of final
pressing and smoothing compressing it
tightly and evenly step 9
repeat the whole process with your
remaining half of nori lightly layering
it with rice adding the cucumber and
rolling it step 10
lightly moisten your knife blade and cut
both rolls in half using a delicate but
firm sawing motion then cut each half
into three equal pieces step 11 place
the rolls on a serving platter garnish
with small mounds of wasabi and pickled
ginger and serve did you know the
precursor to sushi originated in
Southeast Asia
around the fourth century when people
preserved clean and gutted fish in a
barrel filled with salt and rice